BD-2834: One-click unsubscribe header (#6904)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/email_settings.md

## List-unsubscribe header

{% alert note %}
Beginning on February 15, 2024, new companies will have the list-unsubscribe header (with one-click unsubscribe) enabled by default.
{% endalert %}

> Using a list-unsubscribe header allows your recipients to unsubscribe easily from marketing emails by displaying an **Unsubscribe** button within the mailbox UI, and not the message body.

Reviewer: Oh! If it's one-click, then you can swap "easily" with "with one click".

![]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/list_unsub_img1.png %}){: style="float:right;max-width:60%;margin-left:15px;"}

When a recipient clicks **Unsubscribe**, the mailbox provider sends the unsubscribe request to the destination defined in the email header.

Enabling list-unsubscribe is a deliverability best practice and a requirement at some of the premier mailbox providers. It encourages end users to safely remove themselves from unwanted messages versus hitting the spam button in an email client, the latter of which is detrimental to sending reputation and email deliverability.

### How it works

![]({% image_buster /assets/img/email_settings/target_audiences_example.png %}){: style="float:right;max-width:60%;margin-left:15px;"}

When turned on, this feature is applied to the entire workspace, not the company-level. It's added to campaigns and Canvases that are set up to send to users who are subscribed or opted-in, or opted-in users only in the **Target Audiences** step of the campaign and Canvas builders.

> Braze doesn't add the header for what is considered transactional, so if a message is set to send to all users including unsubscribed users, the list-unsubscribe header will not be attached to the message. Additionally, header is not added for messages delivered via test send since the list-unsubscribe header is only generated and added for targeting user profiles in Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Braze doesn't add the header for what is considered transactional, so if a message is set to send to all users including unsubscribed users, the list-unsubscribe header will not be attached to the message. Additionally, the header is not added for messages delivered via test send because the list-unsubscribe header is only generated and added for targeting user profiles in Braze.
```

{% endalert %}

> If you use Braze’s unsubscribe functionality to process unsubscribes on your behalf directly, you can toggle on the Email Unsubscribe Header and save the “Braze default” as the setting. Braze will generate the one-click unsubscribe and mailto header to be added to your promotional emails. Using one-click unsubscribe for the list-unsubscribe header ([RFC 8058](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8058)) focuses on providing an easy way for recipients to opt-out from emails, and is a requirement from Yahoo and Gmail for bulk senders. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Braze unsubscribe functionality to process unsubscribes on your behalf directly, you can toggle on the **Email Unsubscribe Header** and save the “Braze default” as the setting. Braze will generate the one-click unsubscribe and mailto header to be added to your promotional emails. Using one-click unsubscribe for the list-unsubscribe header ([RFC 8058](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8058)) focuses on providing a straightforward way for recipients to opt-out from emails, and is a requirement from Yahoo and Gmail for bulk senders. 
```
